README.md, before:

AEM Workspace
-------------

AEM Workspace is a simple workspace area for running multiple versions of Adobe Experience Manager (AEM).
It provides convenient build targets and also a Tmuxinator config.

Install
-------

Clone AEM Workspace repo:

    git clone https://github.com/cliffano/aem-workspace

Copy AEM jar and license files into the corresponding version directory.
E.g. copy `AEM_6.1_Quickstart.jar` and its corresponding `license.properties` into `6.1` .

Usage
-----

Go to version directory:

    cd <version>

Start AEM:

First start will take a while due to AEM initialising crx-quickstart, wait until it opens AEM login page using the default browser.

    make start

Stop AEM:

    CTRL+C

Take a snapshot:

It's recommended to take a snapshot after the first start so you can restore a fresh AEM installation without going through the slow initialisation process.

    make snapshot

Restore from snapshot:

    make restore

Run tmux:

    make tools init (once-off only)
    make tmux

Commit message:

Update tmux note with screenshot.

README.md, after:

AEM Workspace
-------------

AEM Workspace is a simple workspace area for running multiple versions of Adobe Experience Manager (AEM).
It provides convenient build targets and also a Tmuxinator config.

Install
-------

Clone AEM Workspace repo:

    git clone https://github.com/cliffano/aem-workspace

Copy AEM jar and license files into the corresponding version directory.
E.g. copy `AEM_6.1_Quickstart.jar` and its corresponding `license.properties` into `6.1` .

Usage
-----

Go to version directory:

    cd <version>

Start AEM:

    make start

First start will take a while due to AEM initialising crx-quickstart, wait until it opens AEM login page using the default browser.

Stop AEM:

    CTRL+C

Take a snapshot:

    make snapshot

It's recommended to take a snapshot after the first start so you can restore a fresh AEM installation without going through the slow initialisation process.

Restore from snapshot:

    make restore

Run tmux:

    make tools init (once-off only)
    make tmux

It gives you two windows on the right side which tails AEM's error and access logs, and a window on the left side as your main work area.

[![tmux screenshot](https://raw.github.com/cliffano/aem-workspace/master/screenshots/tmux.jpg)](https://raw.github.com/cliffano/aem-workspace/master/screenshots/tmux.jpg)
